---
title: Burnout...
date: 2019-07-28T07:42:30.401Z
keywords:
  - development
categories:
  - Development
tags:
  - rift_development
thumbnailImage: /images/featured_burnout.png
thumbnailImagePosition: left
showDate: true
showTags: true
showPagination: true
showSocial: true
showMeta: true
showActions: true
summary: Total bummer summer...
---
Well, it was bound to happen, given how much time I spent thinking about RIFT and nothing else: burnout.  It's real, and part of it sucks, but the other part is actually kind of relieving.

Now that I think about it, I figure I'd probably spent several hundred hours since the beginning of the year coding, researching and testing.  That's a lot (especially when it was mostly in my free time).  Everything was humming along, and then I pretty much hit a brick wall and lost all interest in working on RIFT.  I think my main goal of getting RIFT Next up and running is what was driving me, and now that this has been accomplished, I don't have any solid goals.

The same thing happened with blenderseed at about the same time.  With the 2.8 release of Blender imminent, I've stopped adding new features to the exporter for the time being.  So far I haven't seen any major bugs, so I don't have any pressing goals there either.

So now what?

I take a break, that's what.  I've hopped on a few different bandwagons to keep myself busy: practicing compositing, doing some video edits for my church, and getting slaughtered relentlessly in XCOM:Enemy Uknown.  Seriously, that's a game that is mean to the player.

I know that I'll return to RIFT and blenderseed at some point (I always do).  When something important needs to happen, or I find a new project to work on with them.  I haven't lost any of my love for coding, but like any long term relationships you somtimes need to take a little sanity break.